# Behavioral-Cloning
Use Deep Learning to Clone Driving Behavior

## File Structure
- model.py - The script used to create and train the model.
- drive.py - The script to drive the car. You can feel free to resubmit the original drive.py or make modifications and submit your modified version.
- model.json - The model architecture.
- model.h5 - The model weights.
- README.md - explains the structure of your network and training approach. While we recommend using English for good practice, writing in any language is acceptable (reviewers will translate). There is no minimum word count so long as there are complete descriptions of the problems and the strategies. See the rubric for more details about the expectations.


## Project Overview
The objective of this project is to develop a deep larning based algorithim to clone human driving behavior. The data used in this project is generated (by me) while running the Track 1 in the simulator. The simulator game outputs the camera image from front, left and right with other infomation such as steering, brake, and throttle.
The input data is the image taken in the simulator and the output is the steering angle of the car. I didn't use any other infomation apart from images and steering angle since the clone driver (generated by my deep learning approach) should have the roubustness to run in the other condition (For example truck 2 in the simulator).

## Approach
I used the deep learning based algorithm to clone human driving behavior. The training data is the image of the center view and the label of the data is the steering angle. When it comes to using it in the real world, the image from the center isn't enough to learn the human behavior. However, running zigzag is not good idea to capture the road condition(and dangerous in the real world). Therefore, I used the left and right side view of the car to capture the world(in the simulator). I added +0.25 to the left side view and added -0.25 to the right side view.
I also added the random brightness to the image so that the clone driver will get robustness.

## Model Structure
I used [NVIDIA model](https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.07316) architecture for training. The image size output from the simulator is 320x160x3(RGB), but the NVIDIA model uses the image size of 200x66x3(YUV). I cropped the 40 pixels from the top to prevent from learning sky infomation and cropped 25 pixels from the bottom to erase the information of the body. I got the image size of 320x95x3(RGB) and reshaped it to the 200x66x3(RGB). Then I normalized the image(divided by 127.5 and subtract 0.5 fot each image) and changed the color space into YUV.

The structure of the model is as follows.
[NVIDIA model](cnn-architecture-624x890.png)